friends here.
We're going to do a small practice with your ways dot walk function.
And that is how to re a system where search for a given fighting as you know it in her
handy how?
One file.
But you want to such that file part in our entire file system where it is located that But
I need to find out one more thing.
Well,
developing this cape,
you had a little of this crypt.
Such a weather.
It should be like a platform independent.
That means same school,
Same skip.
Should be work with your windows and as well as your innings like systems for time being.
First I'm going toe dollop this script on your UNIX like systems and again will develop a
court on your windows has been first of all,
let me weapon my the next leg systems.
This is my next like system.
So I see if you know the file system about your next like system.
Suppose if I you simply a route this symbol slash Then this is nothing but your entire file
system on your UNIX like systems.
Now,
if you take this as a part by default,
the meaning for that is you are going to look for entire system in your UNIX like systems.
Let me take one simple example.
I want to know There may.
Hey.
Ah,
something like host not confined,
is there?
So you're getting some permission denied,
because who you are giving entire file system means you should out route religious.
So for time being,
just I'm showing with your UNIX command lines the next comments?
Yes,
if you have a problem.
Permission,
then you are getting exact location where your file is there,
right?
This thing we're going to perform with you are fight on and for time being right here just
to implement this gift.
For time being,
im enter into my route.
Now from here,
I'm going to develop in my python skin just to identify any fight based on your requirement
.
All right,
so what I'm doing is I'm implementing it by transcript,
right?
Such a fight in your entire it system.
Fine.
First of all,
I'm going to read the file name.
What is the file you want to such your entire system in entire five system night?
Let me Day required file equals two.
I want to read a file.
Name only.
File name,
right.
So anti war file Name no such.
Imagine that user is going to enter your fight.
Right?
So they see if you'll remember.
You know,
a promoter Previous radio.
If you have a pot,
then automatically you can able to find out all the file names which are there in your
operating system.
Right?
See that?
First of all,
what I will do is I would take for simplicity purpose.
I will do one thing.
So this But I will take for simplicity purpose first.
Then I would take root file system.
See,
using your ways dot work night.
That's why I'm importing our ways for each No,
no,
right in or ways that work you're going to get three things ruled territory Barrick.
This list files list in our ways dot Walk.
Whatever the part you're going to provide for time being badly,
I'm giving you this.
But then I'm going to print They were rude territory than files.
So because of this,
you're going to get your root directory and the files which are there in that location.
But I want to print.
I want to bring each and every file with complete part.
Right?
See that what I'm doing but each of file in your F.
Yes.
If you're not able to understand this stuff,
please go with your previous previous radio and watch that widow once again.
Then come back that I'm printing simply boys dot part lord join.
You were rude.
Then you're each file.
Suppose if I sell this and if I run this cedar script how it is going to work and very work
,
find them to such anyway.
For that we not implement an illogical Let me take simpler tests.
Not be white.
See,
from your home,
You see two user automatically as off.
No,
you're fightin is able to create all files.
All files with comfort parts.
Some very ho.
You're test,
not people.
Right?
Let me show you that.
Mm.
Right?
Yeah.
See,
you're getting somewhere.
I want to print only this fight because I'm giving my searchable filings test.
Not the way So what I will do is very simple days.
We I before printing.
If file is see that what I'm doing Eve each file.
If it is exactly cause,
too,
you are required filed then only I am bringing that but complete part time branding.
That's it.
There's not be white.
Yes.
You're getting complete part where it is located.
Not only that,
let me take some other files which are arming.
Let me first on display the files which are having in my dislocation late Monday Hideout
Txt And let me run out by Tom Skip on.
Let me provide the such Are you required filed to such?
You're getting complete part now as off?
No,
in your script Whatever you how ways that watch that is taking part as some user home.
But I want to such an entire system entire file system off your next like systems Then I
can take simply slash That's it.
No,
let me money on.
Let me run.
I'm probably file,
um called Test that people You can take anything So this many places your test Don't be
white.
No,
let me run on.
Let me provide host not con Let me run on.
Let me provide something called What?
I can see people this many places you hope Let me provide three Not only that,
anything you can get right now we implemented a simple pie transcript Do such you are filed
in your entire file system.
So this is for you.
What?
UNIX,
like systems.
Let's come back with your windows.
Now here I'm going to implement for you were Windows.
Then finally,
I will club those two courts.
Okay,
let me open my sublime text first.
Guys,
if you Abdur in your Windows operating system,
you hold drives based on drives your different partitions.
So that means there is no single symbol toe.
Identify your entire file systems on your Windows operating system.
See if you go with ur UNIX.
Like systems you hold.
This is slashing.
But also,
that slash means your entire file system.
So this type off similar is not there with your windows orbiting systems.
Right then based on dry,
we need to such based on Dr we need to search our file in your Windows operating system.
But I don't know how many drives are there.
Right?
See,
First,
let me implement the court for one day.
Okay?
Let me important ways.
Let me stay with first such a file,
not be white,
right?
Okay.
Let me take required.
Finally closed toe something input.
Enter your file name to such That's it,
then spot to gaze.
What I'm saying is,
let me do it first route,
that is least fights.
List in your ways dot Walk here.
I can't do any symbol like route in the next,
like systems route means it is going to walk with your entire file system,
But whereas in windows based on drives,
we need to such our file systems.
So if you have a serial,
then you hard to provide zero name one,
then you notice such a right.
Let's say let's say I'm going to such from Sidra Know what I'm doing is let me take again
for each file in files,
right?
If you are each file if it is equals to require file,
then I can print the complete part for that right ways dot part the door join.
Then it would the route in their H file.
Let me go to my common line and let me run this script.
Let me weapon my come and like,
No wonder they stop.
He helped by transcript Definitely no.
Here he how Let me rate by tone such.
Yeah,
this is the script.
No,
I'm going to probably a file name called randomly.
I'm going to give it.
You can provide anything for time being.
What I'm giving is let me take simply even underscore what did not.
People even underscoring,
got So it's going to such because you have a number of five systems in your window seat.
That's what is going to take some time.
But anyway,
finally,
you're going to such only in Syria,
see,
on my system I know supposed to drive is there.
But in your opening systems,
you may not have sued.
You may have some driving name as some other name like the e r a F night.
So grace,
because it's taken some time.
What I will do is I will probably apart,
like at least they stop,
but so that it will be easy for a while.
Skip went very quickly.
Let me,
boy.
But as they stop,
but at least actually stop.
You know whenever If you're providing about manually on your nose orbiting systems,
you are too probably to slashes.
That's what I'm property.
No,
let me read on your script.
Unproved.
The name see you're getting That's fine days.
But what is the problem with your Windows operating systems?
Is manual your providing?
Cidre parts.
If you go with any UNIX like systems complete find system is slash.
No,
I want to.
Such an anti file system in your windows.
There is no any single symbol to identify that.
Then how you can identify all the word drives on your operating system,
right?
Nothing.
Is there guys before running before searching any file on your Windows operating system
logically,
if you want to.
I didn't identify all that.
I was in your Windows operating systems.
You need to write some extra logic.
But now what?
If you're working with your windows,
let me take possible rice.
Generally,
if you go with the possible rivals there from suppose some you does it small letters and
get little side.
Yes,
let me take it in this way.
Right.
But I don't want right.
I'm the lazy person I don't want right.
Gaby Syria poser.
It's Moreland capitals than what I'm doing is I'm entering into my pipe on Technol Just up
there.
Here there is a default model called String,
and if you have there the operations with your string,
there is something called a skill.
A tous like nothing is that simply prayed.
You were string That is the model dot asking underscore.
Let us study See the result.
Small letters and capital is directly or getting.
I don't want to take this one.
So nothing is there.
Just import a string module.
You have so many things here just after them.
Now what I'm doing is I'm also importing string module,
then possible drives names.
I'm taking possible rice names.
Equals to simply I can write in this way.
No,
let me print first.
That's just after that.
Finally can understand What is the use is off this thing Now what I will lose.
I will take one by one letter from your possible rows names.
I mean,
I'm taking one by one possible Dr name They see ah one thing.
Let me take each of each of royal name anywhere possible Drives names.
That is a string.
So if it is a string,
I can take one by one character separately with the help off Your for Luke?
Yes,
You're getting one day one day.
But no,
what I am doing is see,
I don't have all these drives on my operating system,
right?
How only some of them.
But I ain't identified we should drive you How You know what operating system are from your
dessert,
Right.
So that's why what I'm writing is I'm taking See if if lawyers dot pot dot exists,
you're each drive before that.
I want to Yeah,
let me print.
Because if it is a seed,
right?
Right.
If he said if it is a seadrill how your part would be c colon slash.
Right,
So no,
any perform that first of all,
if it is a part than how it would be Where is your Kolya?
Each ADR?
Oh,
bless Colon.
Some animal you are writing,
it's better to write to slashes.
No.
See the output you're getting in this way.
Your part.
But about that,
this is a valued right on.
Your hosts are not your ticket.
This is like a path,
right?
So what I'm doing is Justin Blame a plaintiff condition if way is not part,
not exist.
If this is a valid apart on your horse,
this condition will become Prue then only I want to print the bridal name.
Then only I want to print a drive name now.
See?
As off No Euro police.
All the letters you're getting I mean,
all the drives names you're getting.
But I'm checking the condition if that drive is there and my whole so then only printed
that.
No.
See that you're having only see a friend CEO.
That means Captain on small drives,
names or same.
There is no problem with that.
That's why Now if you have during output I mean in the string model you how only a
drastically lower are Ask your party,
convict only anyone off this monitor Take ask you let us know.
So I'm going to take asking lower case.
If you want to take,
you can take uppercase.
You have upper case as well if you have very here.
Like anyone off that party is fine.
They now see the output CEO now you five open might drive my windows.
See?
Valid does our c,
e and F This is empty.
That that's what it is not their as off.
No,
that's why it is not able to find out.
Deidre.
See you Not through logically I can able to find all my valued grows on my windows
operating system.
Now,
if you run this part annually operating system I mean on your windows If you run despite
transcript,
you will get based on your Windows offering system.
What are all you were drives that drives names it will display like No,
I am taking a valued Briles names.
Weapon X simply really names valid driver's names as an MP list.
If it is a valued one,
then what I'm doing is I'm collecting that into one variable.
I mean,
as a list a plane.
You were each trail.
I'm going to create a complete part for each and every drill.
Right after completion.
Off your for Luke.
Finally.
Just I'm printing three value drought names.
Let me take simply in names injured often name.
That's better.
No,
see,
the output finally are getting a list.
Woman names.
Yeah,
no seed output.
These are all valued droughts.
Names on my operating system.
No,
actually,
my intention is I want to such about my file in entire file system on windows,
right.
That's why first of all,
I need to interfere.
All of the value drives on your windows operating system now.
I got them now.
I don't want to print separately or each and every day I collected all your water does as a
list.
Yes,
I hope in my hand.
No,
What I will do is let's be clear,
your immigrant confuse.
What I'm doing is anyway,
I need to read required file,
Right?
Okay.
Let me do it somewhere.
I want to read.
Require file.
Yes,
I will read now instead of this logic.
First of all,
I need to search in each and every day.
All right,
First of all,
I'm collecting each of Dr each driving.
You are valued royal names on.
Then.
Suppose I'm printing your each drive.
See the output?
Okay.
Ah,
let me come in.
Does off.
No.
This providing required part.
Yes,
night.
Now let me come in this lane as well.
So using your for you.
First of all,
you're able to get your drives one by one.
Rather drives names.
No,
he needed really hard to such so that you can complete,
but all drives on your entire file system.
You're going to such I mean,
now you have to apply your ways that work for each and every drive,
I think is that.
See there.
Four route that leads list file list anywhere.
Where is not worked with each day.
So now faster for loopy.
Just just to collect your one by one value drop names than this loopy is just too.
Excuse your ways that walk on each and every day.
That's it.
No,
Let me do it.
Bring Yeah,
You have a list of fights,
right?
So for each file in your Richard rail and I cream to simply where's dot part not join.
You were rude.
Come on file.
Right now you fight.
Run these just up the road Because off this,
you're going to get all your valued browse names under,
then in each and every day.
I Barrett,
we are going toe print your all fights.
If I run these seed output,
it's keep on displaying woman not least What happened?
Ah,
argument must be string or by not a list.
Is that part of the genius is not a each file.
Your do our it right?
Yeah,
it's fine.
See,
your operating system is able to display all they were file systems from your entire
operating system.
Now it is working on Seadrill.
I will wait sometimes so that you can see it will enter into some year.
Now it is still it is working with really only.
Yeah.
You ought to wait some time so that your operating system is going to get from each and
every corner,
all the violence.
You confront the same court on your Windows operating system.
I mean your windows opening system,
then So that your python script is going to do all the file names with your complete part.
Still,
it is working with Seadrill.
Yes.
Just wait each day.
Dr.
Names?
Yes,
Fine.
Let me go and enable this violent drives names I like.
I will run from here.
Dance will.
It will be clear bite on such fight.
Yeah,
Just give me some time.
Let's just updated output.
It is going to form automatically.
All parts for each and every file.
Only for file were writing a logic.
Actually,
our intention is just to such a file the same way you can such for some fuller.
Also,
I'm informed our territory,
right.
Just wait and observe the output.
It's working now with the serial for some time to lend under data.
I mean,
you drive under then year because I don't know Deidre.
Okay.
Yes.
Updated output failure by Don is working with You are said Dr only you know,
in windows under your offering system already how lot off?
I mean the violin.
Which you how your operating system in that.
A whole lot of files so as to display all the fights.
Yes,
it is displaying,
right.
Just write some time finally to enter into other drives as well.
So one cities under another drive.
Then I will stop when I will write to the remaining logic still with,
see,
only you're not my number of files.
That's why it's taking time.
Okay?
Still with pseudo Because actually,
I insulted so minutes after it's on my Swiss on anyway.
But ive already with your opening system,
our tree house,
so many files in your windows.
So it is going to display all off them.
So same logic you can also use to print.
Only suppose some fight on files or some text file something like that.
Okay,
Okay.
At least we had toe rate upfield.
The next level directory.
Okay,
so do one thing.
I just run your escape in your,
uh I'm in annual operating system.
If you get any challenges,
just let me know.
I will do it,
so I don't want to waste your time by up during this whole put.
Let me stop this court right now.
What I want to do is I don't want to print each and every file,
right?
If the file which is your required file,
right,
if you will each file.
If it is,
it was to your required file then only I want to print that.
Let's see now.
This is what you are in those opening system,
right?
Fine.
I will do one thing from your C drive itself.
I will take some file name then.
That's good,
right?
What I will do is any final aim,
You can take any filing.
No,
I'm going to run before going to run.
Let me enable which file you want to such?
No,
I'm running your pie Transcript.
It is asking under your required file.
I'm wondering.
Right?
So it is going to look anywhere,
etc.
And the F trials.
So it's touching.
Definitely will get off sometime.
You required files?
Yes.
The files which are ending with your file names.
You're getting them.
You have same file name in a different locations.
They're going to get all off them.
That's it.
So there's this is the way how you can such ever file in our entire file system on your
system where if you observe dry you saw there only with your Windows operating system.
You don't have this type off drives on your UNIX like systems.
Now use your script.
Should be platform independent.
How you can make it Your system your script as a platform independent.
See,
if you observe this is the court in the world UNIX like systems,
right Where A simple core.
But you're even though suffering this time you have this court so this court won't work on
your UNIX like systems on That's just core.
Whatever the quarry,
how are never in excess UNIX like systems that won't work on your windows then nothing is
that It's very simple.
If you remember,
we have a black for model,
right?
Let me show you it.
And on your common line,
if we import platform on if you print simply platform,
not system.
What is the output?
You're opening system name?
No.
Based on this,
what I'm doing is right.
So these parties for the world with those right,
if if you are platform dot system,
if it is equals to windows,
then bung descript run this logic.
So under if condition you had to write this thing.
That's why I'm providing some inundations,
right?
Let me modify or impaired because for each and every line your toe problem now inundation
so that your cold would be there inside off your if condition then this is just what
identify were all value drives then second thing,
you're taking one by one drive and then from we are one by one drive with the help of your
wizard walk,
you are creating all your files.
They're not forgetting your one by one file.
Then you are checking whether that given file is matching with anyone off your phone file
with the help of ways that work.
If it is exactly match,
then you are printing that.
That's it else.
If it is not Windows,
then then why do you want to go?
Just around you are UNIX like system logic.
This one anywhere reading required such filings common very simple Cold.
They were UNIX.
Let me take one by one.
That's it once I can.
So under this,
if for loop you have a condition.
So under that,
I wonder if that's what I'm providing some space right again under this year.
Open straight,
man.
Then you should have some space.
That's it.
No.
What are the core you're having here?
This will work on your windows.
The same court will work on a what?
In it like systems as well.
Let me show you first.
Annual UNIX like systems.
No,
I greeted a bite landscape on.
It is like a flat form independent skip.
So such a required file in your entire operating system.
Let me copy,
right?
That would run it.
Let me a provide.
Ah,
host,
not con file.
Yes,
you're getting Let me run it.
Employed some thus Hoech,
a sinister knee Underscore conflict file.
Yes,
you are talking right?
Same core.
Now it is also going to work with your windows as well.
Now your script is finally platform.
Independent script,
right?
So let me provide some file name,
which is their very first.
Okay,
Something that is a text file.
Let me copy this name,
not txt right now you're who knows?
He's going to such on your we know suffering system for your fine It is that I mean inside
off some I little battery,
so it will take some.
I am to such for that to just wait.
So finally will find all that.
Otherwise I will go One thing.
Very first build on All four bridges going toe are reconciliate,
right?
Yeah.
You have to take some time.
Hey,
what happened?
It Stop here.
Let me take exactly the file name I will take simply by the under Dxy maybe by tone dot e x
u.
Yes.
It's finding maybe I have given some dot extension maybe not exactly dot txt for that.
So after getting your files from Seadrill,
it is also looking for your other drives.
That's why it is waiting.
It will take some time because it knows right.
It will take some time.
But finally we implemented a script simply who identify to such a file in your entire file
system off your operating system.
I mean,
on your system on that Skippy is no platform independent.
Nothing is there with help off your If one else condition we how I didn't escape this part
will exclude on your windows.
And if it is not the Windows discovery leg score,
that's it.
Like so that this type of logics are very,
very important in your real time.
And you can say this is best example from your Western work.
For you are real time situations.
Okay,
Okay.
Yes.
Thank you for watching this radio.
If you have any challenges with this script,
just let me know so that I will explain it to some other examples as well.
Anyway,
we're going forward.
Will get a lot of examples with your ways,
not work.
Okay.
Thank you.
Bye.